Q: Who can apply for this Hospital Income Policy?
A: You can apply this Policy if you are between the age of 18 to 65 years old. You must be a Singapore Citizen, Singapore Permanent resident or expatriate or a foreigner who is holding a valid employment pass, work permit, dependent pass, student pass or long term visit pass and ordinarily residing in Singapore.

Q: Can I claim under both Section 1 and Section 2 for the same day of hospitalization?
A: No, you can only claim under either Section 1 or 2 for the same day of hospitalization due to an accident or illness.

Q: How many days of hospitalization is covered?
A: In the event that you sustain an injury or illness during the period of insurance and is considered medically necessary by a Medical Registered Practitioner that you will be hospitalised to receive in-patient treatment. For each injury and illness: Up to 365 days under Section 1 – Daily Hospital Cash or Up to 30 days under Section 2 – Triple Daily Hospital Cash (in ICU) benefit.

Q: Does this policy cover me while I am overseas?
A: Yes, you are covered while you are overseas. If you are away from Singapore, it shall be a period of not more than one hundred and eighty-three (183) days during the Period of Insurance.

Q: Does this policy premium increase with age?
A: Yes, the premium will increase upon renewal of the policy, if the insured’s age during renewal entered into the next age band.

Q: Does this policy cover hospitalization in a rehabilitation centre or a community hospital?
A: No, rehabilitation centre and community hospitals do not meet the definition of a hospital under the policy which means an institution lawfully operated for the care and treatment of injured or sick persons with organized facilities for diagnosis and surgery, having twenty-four (24) hours per day nursing services by legally qualified registered nurses and medical supervision under Registered Medical Practitioners.

Q: Is there a waiting period for Hospital Protect360 insurance?
A: There is a waiting period of 30 days from the effective date of your policy for claims that are due to illness. There is no waiting period if the claim is due to injury because of an accident.

Q: What does the “No Claim Bonus” benefit mean?
A: If no claim has been made under this policy after twelve (12) consecutive months, we will refund you 20% of the premium that you have paid at the end of each annual period. Provided that: There has been no interruption of cover for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months. Premium has been fully paid.

Q: What does the “Special COVID-19” benefit cover?
A: The benefit pays you up to the benefit limit if you are diagnosed with COVID-19 during the Period of Insurance and is considered medically necessary by a Registered Medical Practitioner that: You will be confined in an Intensive Care Unit (ICU) in a Hospital for more than five (5) days, or In the event of your death as a direct result of contracting COVID-19.

Q: Am I allowed to change my hospital income insurance plan type, i.e. upgrade or downgrade my plan?
A: You may choose to upgrade your plan type upon the annual renewal of your policy, subject to approval.

Q: Does Hospital Protect 360 insurance pays on top of other insurance policies I have?
A: For Section 1 to 4, the benefits are payable on top of other insurance policies that you have, subject to each benefit limit.

Q: How do I make a claim for my Hospital Protect 360 insurance?
A: You can submit the claim form, along with the supporting documents by fax to 6224 1923, email to claims@hlas.com.sg or post it to HL Assurance’s office at 11 Keppel Road, #11-01 ABI Plaza, Singapore 089057.

Q: What should I do if I have further enquiries on Hospital Protect360?
A: Please contact HL Assurance Customer Care Hotline at (65) 6702 0202 (Mon – Fri, 9.00 am – 6.00 pm) or email your questions to service@hlas.com.sg. Our relationship officers will be happy to assist you.

Q: What are the general exclusions for Hospital Protect 360?
A: You can find out more about our general exclusions for Hospital Protect 360 here.

Q: What are the Terms and Conditions for Hospital Protect360?
A: You can find out more about the Terms and Conditions for Hospital Protect360 here.